Orlando Rolon
Dennis Hunchuck
Intro to Programming Concepts
9/6/15
                                                  Hamburger Steps 

In order to cook a hamburger one has to follow the following steps.

1.	Get ready to leave your house by getting yourself ready to go outside and grab money to buy the hamburger as well as other things you might need while out like car keys, phone, wallet.

2.	Before you leave your house check if you have some of the ingredients that are needed to make a hamburger. The ingredients you should be looking for in your pantry or fridge are as follows: Cheese, Salt, Pepper, Butter or Canola oil, Tomatoes, Lettuce, and Ketchup. Get a pen and paper and write down what you have and don’t have so you can buy what you need and don’t need.

3.	Go outside your house and you own a car get on it and turn it on if a car is not an option then walk to the nearest bus stop and wait for a bus to come and pay for it when you get in.

4.	Drive your car to the nearest super market or exit the bus on a bus stop that has a super market near it.

5.	Park your car, exit your car, and walk towards the entrance of the super market. If on a bus walk towards the entrance as well. 


6.	Once inside walk towards the meat isle and look for hamburgers. Once you find the hamburgers grab the bag and look at the list you made while at your house to see what you need to buy. If you need nothing from the list start walking towards the front of the super market so you can pay for the hamburgers. If you need things from the list go look for them in their corresponding isles and if you cannot find the ingredients make sure to ask an employee from the store. Once done finding all of the ingredients start walking towards the front of the store to pay for your items.

7.	Grab the money you brought from home and pay for the items you bought at the store.
8.	Walk outside the store with your items and either walk towards where you parked your car or walk towards the bus stop where you got off and wait for another bus to come.

9.	Drive your car back home or pay the bus charge to go back to the bus stop that takes you near your home and exit the bus. Park your car on your driveway, grab the items bought and go inside your house. If on the bus walk towards your house as soon as you get out of the bus.

10.	Once inside put the ingredients on the kitchen counter and unpack everything.

11.	Gen a pan from your kitchen and put it on the stove. 

12.	Turn the stove on and put it on medium heat.

13.	Place some butter on the pan to melt it or canola oil to make sure the hamburgers do not get stuck to the pan.

14.	Once that it done grab some hamburgers and put them in the pan.

15.	Sprinkle some salt on the burgers to give them some taste.

16.	Let the burgers cook for about 5 minutes on one side and flip them to the other side and let them cook again for about 5 minutes.

17.	 Once 10 minutes goes by check that they look brown and ready to eat.

18.	Take cheese slices and put them on top of the burgers while still on the pan to make sure they melt.

19.	Once they melt turn the stove off to avoid a fire.

20.	Put the burgers on a plate with the cheese side facing the roof.

21.	Get the hamburger buns out of their bag.

22.	Put a bun under the burgers and start to take the other ingredients you want on the burger either out of their bag or out of your fridge or pantry. 

23.	Put the ingredients you like over the burger depending on what you like on your burgers.

24.	Put the top bun over your hamburger once the ingredients you like are on it.

25.	Once the top bun is on you are done making your burgers
